hey guys and welcome to an update video
for Pokemon trivia now as you know has
been going for all must be two months
now almost and me Tom and Phil have
taken the kind of sort of reluctant
decision to a sort of postpone setback
pause the series for a month or so may
bit more reason for number one being
filled internet at the moment is
terrible he can actually make videos
Wednesdays because he can't even
research it because this internet just
keeps going off and on off and on so you
know what up like uploading the video
would actually be like secondly because
tom is going to university in a few
weeks which means he's gonna be very
busy and actually what we have time to
make videos at least for the first
starting up period when he's getting
used to the university life number 3 i'm
sort of while i'm trying to balance some
more like no seriously i'm trying to
balance with a less cluttered schedule
than I was before hand like at the
moment ago Tom tech top top Tom 10 top
10 series starting up us yesterday and I
wanna give you some more want more than
their more a week on a fortnight and
I've also got some other types of it is
coming soon as well I don't have to just
reserve them on Saturdays where you get
an extra video as well because I don't
want to have more than two videos a day
really at most and that's what's been
three on saturdays at that the minute so
I'm stopping trivia for the moment allow
me just to get some more videos in
before x and y sort of thing I get some
more things going when X and Weiss comes
out we might start up soon or we could
set it back until a start of maybe
november or december because what I've
still be doing x and y facts facts n so
it'd be very interesting for you guys
you know we can bring more viewers in to
bring bring series back as you know
better back and better than ever and
such so yeah be maybe start a member
start the same may be or may just lead
to a set up next year that's speculation
moment and guys um we could leave the
start next year and just start on
january first and hopefully get for a
whole year with with the videos but
we'll have to see you guys how it all
goes also you know a lot of you to be
disappointed in this but it's just the
fact that the facts which finding at the
moment aren't quite interesting enough
we're waiting for generations six to
come out so it's going to give us a load
more facts
now focus on and bring you guys some
stuff of course I pick one trip you're
out there like one piece of trivia like
us know a certain pokemon it has the
highest attack stat out of all fire
types I don't know but that's one fact
that would take me 35 seconds to read as
I just did so to make a full video
that's at least three minutes long which
is what you guys actually want you don't
like one or two minute videos to make it
really as free three or four minutes
long we need handful of facts more than
five more than ten maybe it depends how
could you get free really and that's
just not around at the moment sort of
thing but one generation stick from that
all because loads more I sort of facts
on hopefully on each Pokemon so that
each book will get about to know certain
number of facts each and we can start
making hook one individual episodes as
well as trivia about the games and loads
of stuff like that so yeah I hope you
guys aren't do disappointed but I'll see
my top tens will be replacing the trivia
episode so whatever trivia what used to
go up we get in top 10 instead or so
other you know had the UM etsy not
normal give away a few weeks ago I'm
gonna have some more giveaways and
showcases coming up every now and again
so on yeah those will be replacing
trivia as well so more opportunities to
to win sort of them free stuff um so
have that's good consolation prize for
having trivial not having trivia sorry
for a one or two more months but I have
to see you guys so thank you for
watching video again sorry for we have
to stop a series of new toms putting up
not DVD on his channel tomorrow and feel
probably not since his internet is
really struggling in a moment though
yeah bye guys